---
title: Terms of Service
description: All the terms that you agree to when you sign up for a guch product.
---

# Terms of Service

*Last updated: January 24, 2021*

From everyone at Denture Ventures Pvt. Ltd.(DVPL), thank you for using our products! We build them to help you do your best work. There are many people using DVPL’s products every day. Because we don't know every one of our customers personally, we have to put in place some Terms of Service to help keep the ship afloat.

This document is an electronic record in terms of: (i) Information Technology Act, 2000; (ii) the rules framed there under as applicable; and (iii) the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.

When we say “Company”, “we”, “our”, or “us” in this document, we are referring to Denture Ventures Pvt. Ltd. (DVPL).

When we say “Services”, we mean any product created and maintained by Denture Ventures Pvt. Ltd. That includes “guch” and “final”, whether delivered within a web browser, desktop application, mobile application, or another format.

When we say “You” or “your”, we are referring to the people or organizations that own an account with one or more of our Services. 

When we say “Content”, we are referring to anything you submit to be hosted on our Services. This includes, but is not limited to, videos, images and text.

We may update these Terms of Service in the future. Whenever we make a significant change to our policies, we will also announce them on our websites or the affected Services themselves.

When you use our Services, now or in the future, you are agreeing to the latest Terms of Service. That's true for any of our existing and future products and all features that we add to our Services over time. There may be times where we do not exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service; in doing so, we are not waiving that right or provision. **These terms do contain a limitation of our liability.**

If you violate any of the terms, we may terminate your account. That's a broad statement and it means you need to place a lot of trust in us. We do our best to deserve that trust by being open and keeping an [open door to your feedback](mailto:hello@guch.me).

## Account Terms  

1. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password. The Company cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation. 
2. The Content you submit must not contain any confidential information or be in violation of any third party right, including intellectual property rights, unless you have permission from that party or are otherwise legally entitled to do so. You are legally responsible for the Content you submit to the Service.
3. You may not use the Services for any purpose outlined in our [Use Restrictions policy](../abuse/index.md).
If you are found responsible for any of these activities, your account(s) will be suspended and you will be banned from using our services in the future.
We’ve outlined these restrictions to be clear about what we won’t stand for. That said, this list is by no means exhaustive. We will make changes over time.
4. You are responsible for all content posted and activity that occurs under your account. That includes content posted by others who either: (a) have access to your login credentials; or (b) have their own logins under your account.
5. We do not take responsibility for any damages you may incur due to:
    - Errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies on our Services;
    - Personal injury or property damage resulting from your use of our Services;
    - Any unauthorized use of our Services;
    - Any interruption or cessation of our Services;
    - Any viruses or malicious code transmitted to or through our Services by any third party;
    - Any Content whether submitted by a user or one of our Services, including your use of Content; and/or
    - The removal or unavailability of any Content.
6. You must be a human. Accounts registered by “bots” or other automated methods are not permitted.

## Payment, Refunds, and Plan Changes

1. If you are using a free version of one of our Services, it is really free: we do not ask you for your credit card and — just like for customers who pay for our Services — we do not sell your data.
2. For paid Services that offer a free trial, we explain the length of trial when you sign up. After the trial period, you need to pay in advance to keep using the Service. If you do not pay, we may cancel your account and delete all associated data. See our Cancellation policy below for more details.
3. If you are upgrading from a free plan to a paid plan, we will charge your card immediately and your billing cycle starts on the day of upgrade. For other upgrades or downgrades in plan level, the new rate starts from the next billing cycle.
4. All fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities. Where required, we will collect those taxes on behalf of the taxing authority and remit those taxes to taxing authorities. Otherwise, you are responsible for payment of all taxes, levies, or duties.
5. We process refunds if we deem it right and necessary. In case you have a complaint or further feedback for us with regards to how your refund was processed, feel free to [write to us](mailto:hello@guch.me).

## Cancellation and Termination

1. You are solely responsible for properly canceling your account. If you need help cancelling your account, you can always [contact us](mailto:hello@guch.me).
2. All of your content will be inaccessible from the Services immediately upon cancellation. 
3. If you cancel the Service before the end of your current paid up month, your cancellation will take effect immediately, and you will not be charged again. We do not automatically prorate unused time in the last billing cycle. 
4. We have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of our Services for any reason at any time. Suspension means you and any other users on your account will not be able to access the account or any content in the account. Termination will furthermore result in the deletion of your account or your access to your account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all content in your account. We also reserve the right to refuse the use of the Services to anyone for any reason at any time. We have this clause because statistically speaking, out of the hundreds of thousands of accounts on our Services, there is at least one doing something nefarious. There are some things we staunchly stand against and this clause is how we exercise that stance.
5. Verbal, physical, written or other abuse (including threats of abuse or retribution) of Company employee or officer will result in immediate account termination.

## Modifications to the Service and Prices

1. We may amend any policies or supplemental terms related to the Services from time to time. We will provide you a written notice in the event of a material change to any policies or supplemental terms that detrimentally affects your rights under these Terms. Amendments will be effective upon our posting of such amended policies or supplemental terms on the applicable Service. Your continued access or use of the Services after such posting, or after the expiry of the notice period (whichever is later), constitutes your consent to be bound by the Terms, as amended.
2. Sometimes we change the pricing structure for our products. When we do that, we tend to exempt existing customers from those changes till the end of their billing cycle, post which new rates will apply. However, we may choose to change the prices for existing customers. If we do so, we will give at least 30 days notice and will notify you via the email address on record. We may also post a notice about changes on our websites or the affected Services themselves.

## Uptime, Security, and Privacy

1. Your use of the Services is at your sole risk. We provide these Services on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We do not offer service-level agreements for most of our Services but do take uptime of our applications seriously.
2. We reserve the right to temporarily disable your account if your usage significantly exceeds the average usage of other customers of the Services. Of course, we'll reach out to the account owner before taking any action except in rare cases where the level of use may negatively impact the performance of the Service for other customers.
3. We take many measures to protect and secure your data through backups, redundancies, and encryption. We enforce encryption for data transmission from the public Internet. There are some edge cases where we may send your data through our network unencrypted. 
4. When you use our Services, you entrust us with your data. We take that trust to heart. You agree that Denture Ventures may process your data as described in our [Privacy Policy](../privacy/index.md) and for no other purpose. We as humans can access your data for the following reasons:
    - To help you with support requests you make: We'll ask for express consent before accessing your account.
    - To safeguard DVPL: We'll look at logs and metadata as part of our work to ensure the security of your data and the Services as a whole. If necessary, we may also access accounts as part of an abuse report investigation.
    - To the extent required by applicable law: As an Indian company, we only preserve or share customer data if compelled by an Indian government authority with a legally binding order. If a non-Indian authority approaches us for assistance, our default stance is to refuse unless the order has been approved by the Indian government, which compels us to comply through procedures outlined in an established mutual legal assistance treaty or agreement mechanism.
5. We use third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the Services.

## Copyright and Content Ownership

1. No content posted on our Services can infringe any copyright law. 
2. We claim no intellectual property rights over the material you provide to the Services. All materials uploaded remain yours.
3. We do not pre-screen content, but reserve the right (but not the obligation) in our sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is available via the Service.
4. The names, look, and feel of the Services are copyright© to the Company. All rights reserved. You may not duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the HTML, CSS, JavaScript, or visual design elements without express written permission from the Company. You must request permission to use the Company's logo or any Service logos for promotional purposes. Please [email us](mailto:hello@guch.me) requests to use logos. We reserve the right to rescind this permission if you violate these Terms of Service.
5. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Services, use of the Services, or access to the Services without the express written permission by the Company.
6. You must not modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Services or the Company.

## Features and Bugs

We design our Services with care, based on our own experience and the experiences of customers who share their time and feedback. However, there is no such thing as a service that pleases everybody. We make no guarantees that our Services will meet your specific requirements or expectations.

We also test all of our features extensively before shipping them. As with any software, our Services inevitably have some bugs. We track the bugs reported to us and work through priority ones, especially any related to security or privacy. Not all reported bugs will get fixed and we don't guarantee completely error-free Services.

## Liability

We mention liability throughout these Terms but to put it all in one section:

***You expressly understand and agree that the Company shall not be liable, in law or in equity, to you or to any third party for any direct, indirect, incidental, lost profits, special, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if the Company has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the Services; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the Services; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; (v) or any other matter relating to this Terms of Service or the Services, whether as a breach of contract, tort (including negligence whether active or passive), or any other theory of liability.***

***You also agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company, and our affiliates, officers, partners, employees, consultants and representatives, from and against all losses, expenses, damages, costs, claims and demands, including reasonable attorney’s fees and related costs and expenses, due to or arising out of: (a) your failure to comply with these Terms of Use; or (b) where any information you submit, email, or otherwise transmit to us violates third party rights or Applicable Laws. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to fully cooperate with such defence and in asserting any available defences.***

In other words: choosing to use our Services does mean you are making a bet on us. If the bet does not work out, that's on you, not us. We do our darndest to be as safe a bet as possible through careful management of the business; investments in security, infrastructure, and talent; and in general giving a damn. If you choose to use our Services, thank you for betting on us.

If you have a question about any of the Terms of Service, please [contact us](mailto:hello@guch.me).